DEVX-1964: Move demo README markdown to docs: CCloud client: csharp (#715)
confluentinc/examples: clients/docs/csharp.rst

.. _client-examples-csharp:

.NET Example
============

> Produce messages to and consume messages from a |ak| cluster using the .NET Producer and Consumer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will produce messages to and consume messages from an |ak-tm| cluster using the .NET Producer and Consumer.
```

Prerequisites
-------------

Client
~~~~~~

-  `.NET Core 2.1 <https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download>`__ or higher to run the demo application

> -  On Windows, default trusted root CA certificates - which are required for secure access to Confluent Cloud - are stored in the Windows Registry. The .NET library does not currently have the capability to access these certificates, so you will need to obtain them from somewhere else, for example use the cacert.pem file distributed with curl (`download cacert.pm <https://curl.haxx.se/ca/cacert.pem>`__).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  On Windows, default trusted root CA certificates are stored in the Windows Registry. These are required for secure access to Confluent Cloud. The .NET library does not currently have the capability to access these certificates, so you must obtain them from somewhere else, for example use the ``cacert.pem`` file distributed with curl (`download cacert.pm <https://curl.haxx.se/ca/cacert.pem>`__).
```

Kafka Cluster
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. include:: includes/client-example-prerequisites.rst

Setup
-----

#. Clone the `confluentinc/examples GitHub repository <https://github.com/confluentinc/examples>`__ and check out the :litwithvars:`|release|-post` branch.

   .. codewithvars:: bash

      git clone https://github.com/confluentinc/examples
      cd examples
      git checkout |release|-post

#. Change directory to the example for .NET.

   .. sourcecode:: bash

      cd clients/cloud/csharp/

> .. include:: includes/client-example-create-file.rst

Reviewer: currently the numbering isn't rendering properly - i think this will fix. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11722533/89078886-16110700-d33a-11ea-867e-16598215633f.png)

```suggestion
#. .. include:: includes/client-example-create-file.rst
```

Author: @joel-hamill I had noticed the odd numbering but didn't know how to fix.  Thanks for the suggestion.

> Example 1: Basic Produce & Consume
> ----------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example 1: Basic Produce and Consume
------------------------------------
```

In this example, the producer writes records to a topic in your |ak|
cluster. Each record has a key representing a username (e.g. ``alice``)
and a value of a count, formatted as json (e.g. ``{"count": 0}``). The
consumer reads the same topic and keeps a rolling sum of the counts as
it processes each record.

Produce Records
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

#. Build the client example application

   .. code:: shell

       dotnet build

> #. Run the example application, passing in arguments for (a) whether to produce or consume (produce) (b) the topic name (c) the local file with configuration parameters to connect to your |ak| cluster and (d, Windows only) a local file with default trusted root CA certificates.

Reviewer: this is currently constructed a bit awkward. should a-d be sub steps? e.g. 

```suggestion
#. Run the example application, passing in arguments for:
 	
   - (a) whether to produce or consume (produce) 
   - (b) the topic name 
   - (c) the local file with configuration parameters to connect to your |ak| cluster 
   - (d) Windows only: a local file with default trusted root CA certificates.
```

      Producing record: alice {"count":0}
      Producing record: alice {"count":1}
      Producing record: alice {"count":2}
      Producing record: alice {"count":3}
      Producing record: alice {"count":4}
      Producing record: alice {"count":5}
      Producing record: alice {"count":6}
      Producing record: alice {"count":7}
      Producing record: alice {"count":8}
      Producing record: alice {"count":9}
      Produced record to topic test1 partition [0] @ offset 0
      Produced record to topic test1 partition [0] @ offset 1
      Produced record to topic test1 partition [0] @ offset 2
      Produced record to topic test1 partition [0] @ offset 3
      Produced record to topic test1 partition [0] @ offset 4
      Produced record to topic test1 partition [0] @ offset 5
      Produced record to topic test1 partition [0] @ offset 6
      Produced record to topic test1 partition [0] @ offset 7
      Produced record to topic test1 partition [0] @ offset 8
      Produced record to topic test1 partition [0] @ offset 9
      10 messages were produced to topic test1

#. View the :devx-examples:`producer code|clients/cloud/csharp/Program.cs`.

Consume Records
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> #. Run the consumer, passing in arguments for (a) whether to produce or consume (consume) (b) the same topic name as used above (c) the local file with configuration parameters to connect to your |ak| cluster and (d, Windows only) a local file with default trusted root CA certificates. Verify that the consumer received all the messages:

Reviewer: similar formatting comment as this line https://github.com/confluentinc/examples/pull/715/files#diff-bc98f71015872d118b235d29e82a31bcR63

Author: Ack

Kafka Cluster
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. include:: includes/client-example-prerequisites.rst

Setup
-----

#. Clone the `confluentinc/examples GitHub repository <https://github.com/confluentinc/examples>`__ and check out the :litwithvars:`|release|-post` branch.

   .. codewithvars:: bash

      git clone https://github.com/confluentinc/examples
      cd examples
      git checkout |release|-post

#. Change directory to the example for .NET.

   .. sourcecode:: bash

      cd clients/cloud/csharp/

#. .. include:: includes/client-example-create-file.rst

Example 1: Basic Produce and Consume
------------------------------------

In this example, the producer writes records to a topic in your |ak|
cluster. Each record has a key representing a username (e.g. ``alice``)
and a value of a count, formatted as json (e.g. ``{"count": 0}``). The
consumer reads the same topic and keeps a rolling sum of the counts as
it processes each record.

Produce Records
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

#. Build the client example application

   .. code:: shell

       dotnet build

#. Run the example application, passing in arguments for:
 	

>    - (a) whether to produce or consume (produce)

Author: @joel-hamill is this the desired rendering?  (note bullet _and_ letters)

<img width="659" alt="Screen Shot 2020-08-01 at 12 06 26 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12448600/89105483-86c62b00-d3ef-11ea-9b41-1b671eefaa28.png">

Author: Outdated.
